davical/README.md, before:

Davical docker image
====================

## How to use this Image

You have to link a postgres database to the container. The users on
the postgres server must exist prior to the container startup. The 
link bust be aliased as "postgres"!

The container should be configured by environment variables passed
at least the first time the container is started. The variables are:

### `DAVICAL_SERVER_NAME`

The Server name to use. It is used for the apache2 config and for
the administrator email.

### `DAVICAL_DB_NAME`

The name of the postgres database.

### `DAVICAL_DB_USER`

The name of the normal davical database user.

### `DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN`

The name of the davical database admin user.

### `DAVICAL_DB_PASS`

The database password for the normal davical user.

### `DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN_PASS`

The database password of the admin user.


## Example


### Initialize

    docker run --rm \
    	-e DAVICAL_SERVER_NAME=example.com \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_NAME=davical \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_USER \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_PASS \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN_PASS \
    	--link db:postgres \
    	janlo/davical \

### Run

    docker run -d \
    	--link db:postgres \
    	janlo/davical \

Commit message:

More on davical dockerfile
Signed-off-by: Jan Losinski <losinski@wh2.tu-dresden.de>

davical/README.md, after:

Davical docker image
====================

## How to use this Image

You have to link a postgres database to the container. The users on
the postgres server must exist prior to the container startup. The 
link bust be aliased as "postgres"!

The container should be configured by environment variables passed.
The variables are:

### `DAVICAL_SERVER_NAME`

The Server name to use. It is used for the apache2 config and for
the administrator email.

### `DAVICAL_DB_NAME`

The name of the postgres database.

### `DAVICAL_DB_USER`

The name of the normal davical database user.

### `DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN`

The name of the davical database admin user.

This is only needed for the cli maintainance scripts.

### `DAVICAL_DB_PASS`

The database password for the normal davical user.

### `DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN_PASS`

The database password of the admin user.

This is only needed for the cli maintainance scripts.


## Example


### Initialize

    docker run \
    	-e DAVICAL_SERVER_NAME=example.com \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_NAME=davical \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_USER \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_PASS \
    	-e DAVICAL_DB_ADMIN_PASS \
    	--link db:postgres \
    	janlo/davical \
